#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
astroid==3.0.3
    # via pylint
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   kombu
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
celery==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
coverage==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
dill==0.3.8
    # via pylint
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   djangorestframework
    #   openedx-events
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
fastavro==1.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
idna==3.6
    # via requests
isort==5.13.2
    # via pylint
kombu==5.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
openedx-events==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via pylint
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pylint==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework
requests==2.31.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
testfixtures==7.2.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pylint
tomlkit==0.12.3
    # via pylint
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   kombu
    #   pylint
tzdata==2023.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
urllib3==2.2.0
    # via requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
